on August 1, 2011 reverberating through the newspapers
the news of an episode of the exhausting dossier at Matthew University
conflict between a professor of criminal
public ministry of the state of s達o paulo
I the youngest a canvas and quinzinho
would have entered into open conflict
I am happy
or inside the classroom or entrance is free
of racing
I'm good, it could happen.
newman haas at the time he teaches a criminal case class in the
university highly respected the signal
there was an episode in the day and 40 or more trainees in the 5th year and the
signal
Is it good or is it cimed?
in anticipation
w
graduation drunk does not anticipate a crew class
would receive from the para
integration of the workload and that it was
but he tried not to enter the classroom without a suit and tie
of a baby is called pinduca
already the rooster with max blue tie
Most horrible davis mizumo
but here they ties summer
the ticket
alcohol-free imitator
could not attend classes today the boys at world level years
flip-flops via the bay on the good roads can also attend classes
with those short dresses
and today they are fashion
in the winter winter off season here in s達o paulo and in other
cities of the interior of paulista in brazil nobody
so romario was a person would have threatened to arrest the girl for contempt
balance of its quality according to the
from within the ministry
public of the state of S達o Paulo this is not done
it was a mistake
the teacher respected and got his students
I behaved
properly
the time and this result this result is not obtained per person
You can send the calends
your position or position as attorney-in-fact of the state of s達o paulo it goes
although home because the conflict between the master students and themselves
the 'teacher' share '
or leave for students
the students evidently do not go away a little bit are 40 50
of these 180 or rest series to wipe idol
now of the bombing awaiting the result
the month
or moves away
or interne t
Other stuff, I'm very happy.
this being a prosecutor in the hypothesis does not help at all
we are talking